README.md, before:

# rCore-Tutorial-Code

## Code

- [Soure Code of labs](https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code)

## Documents

- Concise Manual: [rCore-Tutorial-Guide](https://LearningOS.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Guide/)

- Detail Book [rCore-Tutorial-Book-v3](https://rcore-os.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Book-v3/)

## OS API docs of rCore Tutorial Code

- [OS API docs of ch1](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch1/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch2](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch2/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch3](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch3/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch4](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch4/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch5](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch5/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch6](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch6/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch7](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch7/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch8](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch8/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch9](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch9/os/index.html)

## Related Resources

- [Learning Resource](https://github.com/LearningOS/rust-based-os-comp2025/blob/main/relatedinfo.md)

## Build & Run

```bash
# setup build&run environment first
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code.git
$ cd rCore-Tutorial-Code
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Test.git user
$ git checkout ch$ID
$ cd os
# run OS in ch$ID
$ make run
```

Notice: $ID is from [1-9]

## Grading

```bash
# setup build&run environment first
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code.git
$ cd rCore-Tutorial-Code
$ rm -rf ci-user
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Checker.git ci-user
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Test.git ci-user/user
$ git checkout ch$ID
# check&grade OS in ch$ID with more tests
$ cd ci-user && make test CHAPTER=$ID
```

Notice: $ID is from [3,4,5,6,8]

Commit message:

[build] Update Dockerfile to enable buiding through docker

README.md, after:

# rCore-Tutorial-Code

## Code

- [Soure Code of labs](https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code)

## Documents

- Concise Manual: [rCore-Tutorial-Guide](https://LearningOS.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Guide/)

- Detail Book [rCore-Tutorial-Book-v3](https://rcore-os.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Book-v3/)

## OS API docs of rCore Tutorial Code

- [OS API docs of ch1](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch1/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch2](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch2/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch3](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch3/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch4](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch4/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch5](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch5/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch6](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch6/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch7](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch7/os/index.html)
  AND [OS API docs of ch8](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch8/os/index.html)
- [OS API docs of ch9](https://learningos.github.io/rCore-Tutorial-Code/ch9/os/index.html)

## Related Resources

- [Learning Resource](https://github.com/LearningOS/rust-based-os-comp2025/blob/main/relatedinfo.md)

## Build & Run

```bash
# setup build&run environment first
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code.git
$ cd rCore-Tutorial-Code
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Test.git user
$ git checkout ch$ID
$ cd os
# run OS in ch$ID
$ make run
```

If you want to use docker to build and run, you can use the following command:
```bash
# After clone the `rCore-Tutorial-Test` repository to your local machine, you can use the following command to build and run:
$ make build_docker
$ make docker
```

If you experience network issues when accessing foreign resources such as GitHub in Docker, you can follow the following suggestions according to your stage:

- Docker pull:
  1. use proxy: https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/image/pull/#proxy-configuration

  2. use available domestic source (self-search)

- Docker build: use proxy https://docs.docker.com/engine/cli/proxy/#build-with-a-proxy-configuration

- Docker run: use proxy option, related operations are similar to `Docker build`, can refer to the relevant materials by yourself


Notice: $ID is from [1-9]

## Grading

```bash
# setup build&run environment first
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Code.git
$ cd rCore-Tutorial-Code
$ rm -rf ci-user
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Checker.git ci-user
$ git clone https://github.com/LearningOS/rCore-Tutorial-Test.git ci-user/user
$ git checkout ch$ID
# check&grade OS in ch$ID with more tests
$ cd ci-user && make test CHAPTER=$ID
```

Notice: $ID is from [3,4,5,6,8]
